show y'all show your dish it's about
time this games actually been in a
really big girl guy thank you awesome
okay third shiny of my name quest
obviously it wasn't one screen ugly
because it took so long and I got really
really really fed up with it um I
decided to start looking for another
member of my name quest which has not
been revealed but um yeah so oh well I
don't really care whatever I'm just
happy I finally found this took in the
end I think it was twelve thousand seven
hundred and thirty six according to my
okay I am okay okay let's catch these
shiny oddish so I don't know why this
took so long this games been a huge job
obviously for oddish and for I would say
a bunch of encounters in it when I was
looking for beldum and for not for Rotom
I was actually just sucking in my bed
with one vs Rotom but for beldam i was
also looking here
animals gaming was probably in like a 15
major because I did you a quite a few
encounters on my other so silver anyway
just catch it what color your shiny
shows it fastball
you need a camera bruh
we probably bit by my charger can I open
the otter she's a fast today up DS
absorb on my unconstant is it green
I don't remember what it looks like has
a green body and orange I have a bunch
of friend bot visitors room
especially I only have two fun walls
come on mr. Kimball
awesome
I cop number three mr. to Bond place and
it's not gonna be its name though I'm
saving that with your okama Queen what
okay so here's Constance yeah this is my
shiny this is a Scorpio I found it's now
100 here's my shiny okay this is
Archimedes a little our communities you
seem to fly out everywhere and that's
actually incredible that's a really good
neighborhood Wow a quiet that's awesome
that's like it's like probably next best
after my utter modest right so
definitely to me to be training this is
bad with that I doubt it
so here's a non shiny oddish
alright you show the back with you and
it's shiny it was my fish back mine
there you go back so Silver's so there's
one
any pottage okay and I'll see you later
guys I'm gonna look for my second oh and
I guess I'll just double for it and I
really like to get well what's electric
I wanna get electric obviously just one
with filming ones being I was getting
sick of audition it wasn't necessarily
even a shining that I really really
really wanted it was just it's a starter
but oh and there's only like five of
them on the stove oh that was tough
yeah I'll see you later